dSidewalk Dillman Cortyard<br>A small courtyard to the east of Dillman, and west of the M&M building. It has a sidewalk leading to both of the buildings and to the south is the main sidewalk running through campus.
dillEntrance Dillman Entrance<br>You enter a large square room with windowed walls letting in the pitiful amounts of Houghton sunlight. To the north and west are doors and to the east is the exit.
dill101 Dillman 101<br>You enter into a large lecture hall with computers set up at each of the tables. You swear you can still hear the snores of the poor souls who took ENG 1101 with DR. Gretchen Hein in this room. There is a door to the east that you came through.
hall10 Dillman Hall<br>You enter into an L - shaped hallway running through the center of Dillman. To the west and south are exits.
hall11 The Dow<br>You enter a large sun filled room that connects the EERC to the west to Dillman towards the east. There is an exit leading to the south and a door going north.
dow641 Dow 641<br>You enter a lecture hall. You can tell a group of cheeseless have moved through here already, leaving a wake a destruction behind them. The only exit is to your south.
dowCourtyard Dow Courtyard<br>You come into an open courtyard. Snow is falling and an idiot is screaming something about how winter is coming, no shit, it's always winter here. The main sidewalk is to your south, and there are doors to your west and north.
eercLobby EERC Lobby<br>You enter a lobby with brick walls in the EERC. You notice that the vending machines were smashed open and all the cheese-its were stolen. To the north, east, and west are doors, and to the south is a hallway.
eerc103 EERC 103<br>You enter yet another lecture hall, something about sinusoidal equations is written on the blackboard, next to "THE CHEESE" and "WHY GOD? WHY!!" written in blood. The only exit is to the south.
hall12 EERC Hall<br>You are in a narrow hallway running north and south through the EERC. To the north is the lobby and to the south is the main entrance.
eercEntrance EERC Entrance<br>You enter a room at the south of the EERC. To the south is the main exit, to the east is a door, and to the north is a hallway.
mcnairHill McNair Hill<br>You are standing on a steep slope clinging on to the rail as your only source of support. Students and cheeseless alike slip and fall down the icy sidewalk past you. To the north at the bottom is the road, to the east at the top is the McNair Courtyard, and to the west is the entrance to East Wads.
eCourtyard McNair East Courtyard<br>You stand in the main area of the courtyard surrounded by McNair. You see where LARPers used to fight, before they had to use their fighting skills to fend off the cheeseless... and discovered foam swords weren't very effective. To the east is the rest of the rest of the courtyard, to the north is a door, and to the west is the infamous McNair Hill.
wCourtyard McNair West Courtyard<br>You stand at the west edge of the McNair courtyard. In the distance you see a cheeseless, fortunately it doesn't notice you. You can tell it used to be a girl, and you can faintly hear it singing "Drop in the Ocean" and something about a grilled cheese with a Michigain accent, strange. To the west is the west end of the courtyard, to the north is a door, and to the south are the East McNair Dorms.
mcnairLounge McNair Lounge<br>You are standing in a large lounge. There are big comfortable chairs, a large fireplace, and large glass windows surround it, overlooking the Portage. To the east is a hallway and to the south is the exit.
hall8 McNair Hallway<br>You are standing in a hallway running through McNair. To the east is the dining hall and to the west is the lounge.
diningHall3 McNair Dining Hall<br>You arrive at an empty dining hall. You remember coming here with your friends here when you had no other choice because it was after 6. Some food is still lying out, and you notice the sandwich station is destroyed, the cheeseless must have found the sliced cheese. To the south is an exit and to the west is a hallway.
mcnairDorms East McNair Dorms<br>You enter the doors to the dorms and instantly regret that decision. Dozens of McNairians lie dead on the floor, the riot proof halls slowed down the evacuation and the poor bastards didn't stand a chance against the cheeseless. The piles of bodies block the hall and the only way clear is the door you just walked through to the north.
parking2 Hamar House Parking Lot<br>You are standing in a parking lot. To the north is the Hamar House, to the south is the road, to the east is a door to Fisher, and to the east is the broomball courts.
hamar The Hamar House<br>You enter what is left of the Hamar House. Inside is torn to pieces and nothing is salvagable, except for the condoms, don't worry, there are plenty of those. The only door is to the south.
hall9 The M&M<br>You wander through the main hallway of the M&M. Everything is so similar, for a moment you can almost remember the carefree days before all this, before the cheeseless. To the east is the path to the DHH West Entrance, to the south is a door, and to the west is an exit.
u115 U115<br>You walk into an empty room. Just yesterday you slept through global issues in here, some of your friends went to church in here on Sundays, that will never happen again. The only way out is north.
library The Library<br>You walk into the library. Hundreds of computers lay scattered around the room, bookshelves lie on their sides. Cheeseless could be hiding anywhere throughout the wreckage, best to leave quickly. There are exits to the north and east and a room to the south.
studyRoom The Study Room<br>You enter a large room with tables and chairs scattered around. You remember cramming many a night for exams in this room. There are countless dead, people that were studying with their headphones in and never heard the panic and were caught by suprise. There is an exit to the south and the main area of the Library to the north.
gardenPath The Library Garden Path<br>You are standing next to what is well done landscaping(if only visible about three months a year when it isn't buried by snow). There is a sidewalk running north and south between the Library and Rekhi. To the north is the main sidewalk, to the south is the road, to the east is an entrance to Rekhi, and to the west is an entrance to the Library.
rozaEntrance The Roza Lobby<br>You are standing in a very large room, the ceiling is high with a tall glass wall on the east side letting in sunlight. It is vacant but you can tell the cheeseless were here not that long ago. You get a feeling that you should go. To the west is a door, and to the north, east, and south are exits.
auditorium Roza Auditorium<br>You stand at the back of the large auditorium. A large stage is at the front and countless rows of chairs line the center. The only exit is behind you to the east.
mubEntrance MUB Entrance<br>You stand at the main entrance to the MUB. There are staircases leading up and down. To your west is a hallway, to your north is the exit, and to your south is the bookstore.
bookstore MTU Bookstore<br>You stand in the center of a large room of over priced textbooks and Tech apareal. You notice that the wooden Tech baseball bats are marked up to triple their normal price, they must have upped the price when the cheeseless horde moved in, what a noble and fitting last move for the bookstore. The only exit is to the north.
hall1 MUB 1st Floor<br>You are standing in the center of the MUB. To the north is a door and to the east is the main entrance and staircases.
studentOrgs Student Orginization Room<br>You walk into what used to be the room used by some of the student orginizations. But because you were always such a lazy piece of shit your never participated in any of those groups. The only exit is to the south.
foodCourtSeating Food Court Dining Area<br>You walk through the tables and chairs of the dining area in the MUB. You remember playing pool at that pool table and eating pizza at that table, but not any more. There are stairs leading both up and down and the food court is to the south.
foodCourt Food Court<br>You walk through the food court, remembering many a dinning dollar wasted here. All of the small kitchens are torn apart for any cheese they may have had. The only exit is to the north.
hall2 MUB Basement<br>You enter a small narrow hallway with no windows. You can't see much as seeing the lights aren't on, but there is a glow coming from the west. You also notice there is a staircase leading up.
bowlingAlley Bowling Alley<br>